Let's look at three important things to consider when using gloves,
generally gloves come in three sizes.
Glove boxes are accordingly marked, small medium and large respectively.
Select the glove size that fits your hands well.
flex your fingers and turn your gloved hands back and forth
Ensure the fit is right not too tight and not too loose.
While your gloves are on your hands, do not touch your face or common surfaces
such as doors to prevent the transfer of chemicals, from the gloves to other locations.
Finally, when your experiment is complete,
remove the gloves and wash your hands before exiting the lab.
[ music ]